no blog to fucking dog we talk about
of the wild astag not lie is already
the third fourth time he tries to shoot
this video but then I decided to shoot it
without ladder because I wanted to do this
dear blog open to talking about then
speaking all those who want
listen to me without making me any problems
sorry if there are so many reasons
I feel I have to do so what happened
yesterday wild lucarelli and francesco
porters have sponsored the new one
francesco sole book
if we want to call it that, let's call it
so let's call it book is have
simply told of the bullshit
apocalyptic because because with one
time they tried to get him through
as a character not created a
coffee table a real real thing
which instead is not this is a project
fact is created to be born on youtube e
be successful because we are there
become so excited because we are
I managed to end up tweeting I think
call it on twitter
we are not envious of francesco
sun that in the secular April ducts but it
we all know
we are simply opposed to this
youtube standardization to this
Mass TV's bullying entry
media is contrary to the way it is
they are carrying on
I am against the fact that they take us
for the ass if you make the video that makes me
crap i can comment on telling you
this video sucks because it is there
this is because there may be because it is there
this is a revolution is the
youtube revolution is the only reason
so the TV is different from youtube
because I can criticize a product but
I can also appreciate writing this
I like this product for this reason
and this is why putting me like it
share it with all friends
those that sponsor these projects
they know it well and for this years head
let francesco pass as much sun as he could
be any other person they have
interest in passing it as a
spontaneous project because on youtube
if I say that the project is a table
functional less always any social media
network on the web to be transparent
first thing and we simply ask
this is a professional project of
don't let it pass for a project
amateur because it is not it is not if
everyone notices
in short, if the project is the project
built to table
tell us don't take the piss because
this and take the piss out of us and
take it for a ride and public and this
is a modus operandi of the TV that goes
been going for twenty years for 40 years forever
but on youtube it doesn't have to be this way
the public must understand and must
understand that we are going forward e
now we need more audiences
responsible who knows what's up
watching who knows how to behave e
how to use the tools that
they were given because I 'm sure
that if this marketing campaign
had been made honestly in
clearly in a transparent manner
all these haters wouldn't be there
there would certainly have been states
because every public figure to gods
template and let's call you and the tractors
with the Italian name detractors haters is
a useless thing that I don't like for
nothing the right word the detractors of
our project
ok well of the detractors that are there
always for any non-character
they would have been much less
I'm sure there is some
person who used the state
wild not twenty
just because he wants to be
on the other side of the camera
he would like to be with wild lucarelli
with francesco sole would like to be one
some francesco sole I'm sure of
this someone is there but most
of the people they used
that city ​​only exists
respect and I am also convinced that i
video of francesco sole as they are
then the ideas mounted I don't know some
they are obviously copied but oh well
let alone the videos are done well
It is obvious that a similar character if
had done in the videos and cazzola had
sponsored Franciscan si francesca
francesco porters and savage
lucarelli frank matano I also remember
the buses would not have succeeded if
he had made villas and dick not
would have been successful obviously is not
only for what he had
success has also been successful for the
sponsorships for the recommendation
who got behind this hashtag is
born only from lack of respect
towards content creators and the public
because we are both clauses of
content that the public
we are all the same and if we don't learn to
use the medium of youtube in a manner
honest in a clear manner
transparent and responsible
these things will happen again not
come there then to complain if between two three
years you won't even be able to publish
plus a spit on youtube without being
dominated by these characters
because if you don't complain now
don't point out the problem now in
this moment will be 34 years of francesco
francesco project sun where there is
they will be dozens
if this audience does not make a wall and does not
seeing this thing to us is not good
we want real characters we want
clear characters and if there are gods
projects we want to know how they work
they will come
the others and there will be a warning
total content and then everyone there
cry because i like it don't work
because the shares on facebook if
don't pay they don't work and that's if there is
of professionalism on youtube if there
they are professional characters well
come help the community grow
more and more and to believe in this medium
which at the moment is not very credible
we are implicitly writing rule
of the web and the rules of the web is strange that
there must be for each project for
every idea for everything on youtube
honest and transparency will succeed
same but at least will not have deceived the
users who watch that product
because if we do n't decide if we do n't put
rules set now between
some years we will meet again on youtube
with the bartender with a film schedule the
TV
now the greeting bye